README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="border-bottom: none">
<b>
    <a href="https://adapty.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android">
        <img src="https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/logo-adapty-new.svg">
    </a>
</b>
<br>Easy In-App Purchases Integration to
<br>Make Your Android App Profitable
</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adapty-discord-purple"></a>
<a href="https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.adapty/adapty-bom"><img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.adapty/adapty-bom"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/adaptyteam/AdaptySDK-Android/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg"></a>
</p>


<p align="center">
    <a href="https://adapty.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><b>Discord</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/AdaptyTeam"><b>Twitter</b></a>
</p>

![Adapty: CRM for mobile apps with subscriptions](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/adapty-schema.png)

Adapty SDK is an open-source framework that makes implementing in-app subscriptions in Android fast and easy. It’s 100% open-source, native and lightweight.

## Why Adapty?

- [On-the-fly paywalls price testing](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/ab-test?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Test different prices, duration, offers, messages, and designs simultaneously, all without new app releases.
- [Full customer's payment history](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/profiles-crm?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Explore the user's payment events from the trial start to subscription cancellation or billing issues.
- [In-app purchase data integration](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/events?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Send subscription events to 3rd-party analytics, attribution, and ad services with no coding, even if the user uninstalls the app.
- [No server code implementation](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/android-configuring?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Integrate in-app purchases with server-side receipt validation in minutes. Apple Promotional Offers supported out-of-the-box.
- [Advanced analytics](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/analytics-charts?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Analyze your app real-time metrics with advanced filters, such as Ad network, Ad campaign, country, A/B test, etc.

<h3 align="center" style="border-bottom: none; margin-top: -15px; margin-bottom: -15px; font-size: 150%">
<a href="https://adapty.io/schedule-demo?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android_schedule-demo">Talk to Us to Learn More</a>
</h3>

## Integrate IAPs Within a Few Hours Without Server Coding 

**Adapty handles everything, from free trials to refunds, in a simple, developer-friendly SDK.**

- Free trials, upgrades, downgrades, crossgrades, family sharing, renewals, promo offers, intro offers, promo codes, and more – Adapty SDK does everything with a single line of code.
- Easy subscription management.
- One-time purchases and lifetime subscriptions supported.
- Sync subscribers' states across iOS, Android, and Web.

## Price Testing for In-app Purchases on Android Without App Releases

- Optimize in-app subscriptions with the paywall A/B testing. Conversions, trials, revenue, cancellations, and more — everything is calculated for you: each paywall and each A/B test.
- Change images, colors, layouts, and literally anything with a custom JSON. Configure different prices, trial periods, promo offers, and more in Adapty without app releases.

## Paywall A/B Testing on Android

![Adapty: In-app subscriptions with paywall A/B testing](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/ab-test-new.png)
- Conversions, trials, revenue, cancellations, and more  everything is calculated for you: each paywall and each A/B test.
- Change images, colors, layouts and literally anything with a custom JSON.
- Price testing is seamlessly integrated for any platform.

## Real-time Analytics for Your Android App

![Adapty: How Adapty works](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/analyticss.gif)

- 99.5% accuracy.
- Manage the subscription's state without managing transactions.
- View and analyze data by attributes, such as status, channels, campaigns, and more.
- Filter, group, and measure metrics by attribution, platform, custom users' segments, and more in a few clicks.

## Mobile App Monetization's Largest Community

Ask questions, participate in discussions about Adapty-related topics, become a part of our community for mobile app developers and marketers. Learn how to monetize your app, ask questions, post jobs, read industry news and analytics. Ad free.

<a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><img src="https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/join-discord.svg" /></a>


## Getting Started

Read the [documentation](https://adapty.io/docs/sdk-installation-android?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android) to install and configure Adapty SDK. Set up purchases in hours instead of weeks :rocket:

## Contributing

- Feel free to open an issue, we check all of them or drop us an email at [support@adapty.io](mailto:support@adapty.io) and tell us everything you want.
- Want to suggest a feature? Just contact us or open an issue in the repo.

## Like Adapty SDK? 

So do we! Feel free to star the repo ⭐️⭐️⭐️ and make our developers happy!

## License

Adapty is available under the MIT license. [Click here](https://github.com/adaptyteam/AdaptySDK-Android/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Chore/bump jdk (#39)
* feat: add example readme

* chore: bump JDK to 17

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="border-bottom: none">
<b>
    <a href="https://adapty.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android">
        <img src="https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/logo-adapty-new.svg">
    </a>
</b>
<br>Easy In-App Purchases Integration to
<br>Make Your Android App Profitable
</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adapty-discord-purple"></a>
<a href="https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.adapty/adapty-bom"><img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.adapty/adapty-bom"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/adaptyteam/AdaptySDK-Android/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg"></a>
</p>


<p align="center">
    <a href="https://adapty.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><b>Discord</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/AdaptyTeam"><b>Twitter</b></a>
</p>

![Adapty: CRM for mobile apps with subscriptions](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/adapty-schema.png)

Adapty SDK is an open-source framework that makes implementing in-app subscriptions in Android fast and easy. It’s 100% open-source, native and lightweight.

## Why Adapty?

- [On-the-fly paywalls price testing](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/ab-test?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Test different prices, duration, offers, messages, and designs simultaneously, all without new app releases.
- [Full customer's payment history](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/profiles-crm?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Explore the user's payment events from the trial start to subscription cancellation or billing issues.
- [In-app purchase data integration](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/events?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Send subscription events to 3rd-party analytics, attribution, and ad services with no coding, even if the user uninstalls the app.
- [No server code implementation](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/android-configuring?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Integrate in-app purchases with server-side receipt validation in minutes. Apple Promotional Offers supported out-of-the-box.
- [Advanced analytics](https://docs.adapty.io/docs/analytics-charts?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android). Analyze your app real-time metrics with advanced filters, such as Ad network, Ad campaign, country, A/B test, etc.

<h3 align="center" style="border-bottom: none; margin-top: -15px; margin-bottom: -15px; font-size: 150%">
<a href="https://adapty.io/schedule-demo?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android_schedule-demo">Talk to Us to Learn More</a>
</h3>

## Integrate IAPs Within a Few Hours Without Server Coding 

**Adapty handles everything, from free trials to refunds, in a simple, developer-friendly SDK.**

- Free trials, upgrades, downgrades, crossgrades, family sharing, renewals, promo offers, intro offers, promo codes, and more – Adapty SDK does everything with a single line of code.
- Easy subscription management.
- One-time purchases and lifetime subscriptions supported.
- Sync subscribers' states across iOS, Android, and Web.

## Price Testing for In-app Purchases on Android Without App Releases

- Optimize in-app subscriptions with the paywall A/B testing. Conversions, trials, revenue, cancellations, and more — everything is calculated for you: each paywall and each A/B test.
- Change images, colors, layouts, and literally anything with a custom JSON. Configure different prices, trial periods, promo offers, and more in Adapty without app releases.

## Paywall A/B Testing on Android

![Adapty: In-app subscriptions with paywall A/B testing](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/ab-test-new.png)
- Conversions, trials, revenue, cancellations, and more  everything is calculated for you: each paywall and each A/B test.
- Change images, colors, layouts and literally anything with a custom JSON.
- Price testing is seamlessly integrated for any platform.

## Real-time Analytics for Your Android App

![Adapty: How Adapty works](https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/analyticss.gif)

- 99.5% accuracy.
- Manage the subscription's state without managing transactions.
- View and analyze data by attributes, such as status, channels, campaigns, and more.
- Filter, group, and measure metrics by attribution, platform, custom users' segments, and more in a few clicks.

## Mobile App Monetization's Largest Community

Ask questions, participate in discussions about Adapty-related topics, become a part of our community for mobile app developers and marketers. Learn how to monetize your app, ask questions, post jobs, read industry news and analytics. Ad free.

<a href="https://discord.gg/subscriptions-hub"><img src="https://adapty-portal-media-production.s3.amazonaws.com/github/join-discord.svg" /></a>


## Getting Started

Read the [documentation](https://adapty.io/docs/sdk-installation-android?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=AdaptySDK-Android) to install and configure Adapty SDK. Set up purchases in hours instead of weeks :rocket:

## Example App

This repository includes a sample application that demonstrates Adapty SDK integration. See the [example app README](app/README.md) for details on how to run it.

## Contributing

- Feel free to open an issue, we check all of them or drop us an email at [support@adapty.io](mailto:support@adapty.io) and tell us everything you want.
- Want to suggest a feature? Just contact us or open an issue in the repo.

## Like Adapty SDK? 

So do we! Feel free to star the repo ⭐️⭐️⭐️ and make our developers happy!

## License

Adapty is available under the MIT license. [Click here](https://github.com/adaptyteam/AdaptySDK-Android/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
